there are no bad buttons there are only
bad people how does that sound okay no
one knows who invented the button it
might have shown up as early as 2000 BCE
it was decorative when it first started
just something pretty sewn onto your
clothes then about 3000 years later
someone finally invented the buttonhole
and buttons were suddenly useful the
button and the buttonhole is such a
great invention
not only does it slip through the
buttonhole but then it kind of like
falls into place and so you're
completely secure like it's never gonna
open the design of a button hasn't
changed much since the Middle Ages it's
one of the most enduring designs in
history for me the best buttons are
usually round there's either a dome
button with a little shank or there's
just this sort of like round thing with
either a rim or not a rim either two
holes or four holes almost more
important than the button is the
buttonhole and the way you figured that
out is the diameter of the button plus
the width of the button plus a little
bit of ease before buttons close one
bigger they were more kind of amorphous
and people like wriggled into them were
like just kind of wrapped themselves and
things but then fashion move closer to
the body as we discovered uses to the
button at one time it was the one way to
make clothes fit against the body I
think the reason buttons have endured
for so long historically is because they
actually work to keep our clothes shut
dippers break velcro makes a lot of
noise and it wears out after a while if
a button falls off you just literally so
that thing on a button is kind of there
for the long run it's not just the most
elemental design ever it's also such a
crazy fashion statement when I was a kid
my mom knit me this beautiful sweater I
didn't like it and then I found these
buttons and the minute the buttons
weren't on the sweater I loved it if you
don't have good taste and you can't pick
out a button and let someone else
do it you know I mean
[Music]